add brief docs on P4estMesh (#699)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: docs/src/meshes/p4est_mesh.md

# P4est-based mesh

> The [`P4estMesh`](@ref) is an unstructured, curvilinear, nonconforming
> mesh type with the possibility for adaptive mesh refinement (AMR) based on
> the C library [p4est](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est). See
> [`AMRCallback`](@ref) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`P4estMesh`](@ref) is an unstructured, curvilinear, nonconforming
mesh type for quadrilateral (2D) and hexahedral (3D) cells.
It supports quadtree/octree-based adaptive mesh refinement (AMR) via
the C library [p4est](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est). See
[`AMRCallback`](@ref) for further information.
```
